TELCODOCS-1953: adding policy for pulling images from ECR on SNO (#79419)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-iam-policies-about.adoc

By default, the installation program creates instance profiles for the bootstrap, control plane, and compute instances with the necessary permissions for the cluster to operate.

[NOTE]
====

> To enable pulling images from Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) postinstall in a {sno} cluster, you must add the `AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryReadOnly` policy to the IAM role associated with the cluster's control plane role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable pulling images from the Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) as a postinstallation task in a {sno} cluster, you must add the `AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryReadOnly` policy to the IAM role associated with the cluster's control plane role.
```

control plane role/control plane node ?

Author: I think it's role in this instance, as in single-node Openshift there's only one node that contains control plane and worker functions.
